Updated readme with alternate install (#100)
Mogztter/asciidoctor-pdf.js: README.md

CLI version 3.0.1
```

> ## Install locally via yarn (alternative install)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Install locally via npm or yarn (alternative install)
```

> Required: current version of yarn or npm installed

Reviewer 2: I think we should only explain how to do it with `npm`.
The reason is that `npm` is bundled with Node.js. So if you are new to the Node.js ecosystem, you will learn about `node` and `npm`. At this point, I strongly believe that introducing another tool can be confusing. What is yarn? Do I have to use it? How do I install it? What is the difference with npm? ...

I also believe that if you are using `yarn`, you are already familiar with the Node.js ecosystem and with `npm`. So you already know how to "translate" a npm command to a yarn command.
We could add a note to explicitly state that the user may also use `yarn` but it pretty much comes without saying.

We can take some inspiration from Antora install guide: https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.2/install/install-antora/

Reviewer: +1

Author: To be honest, the yarn example helped me a lot to get things up and running.
I do not work with node, npm or yarn on a daily basis and you've seen how I struggled today with the installation. I even had this problem with installing the core module because I just did a try and error approach.
Today I also removed and installed npm/node several times. My experience with node and npm on windows is that you can easily get it wrong. My experience with yarn is better and it is just great (in a situation like mine) to have an alternate path to get things done.

tl;dr: yes, it makes sense to turn things around and describe the local install with npm and mention yarn as second option. But I wouldn't remove the yarn example. But it is up to you to decide.

Reviewer 2: > To be honest, the yarn example helped me a lot to get things up and running.

I don't see how installing an extra package made things easier for you? You still have to install node (+npm) to install yarn right? Could you please elaborate?

I think what would help someone with no prior experience with node, npm or yarn is the `npm init` command. With that you will be able to initialize everything and the packages will be installed locally (so hopefully no permissions errors).

The complete install procedure would be:

```
$ npm init asciidoctor-pdf-project ./my-asciidoctor-pdf-project
$ cd my-asciidoctor-pdf-project
$ npm run convert
```

The last command will convert a sample file to PDF.

Author: now you reveal my whole JavaScript incompetence with your clever questions :-)
Since I didn't know that yarn is another JavaScript package, I insalled it via `sudo apt-get install yarn` :-)

But you are right - your tool is not only interesting to people with a ajvascript background, but also to people with absolutly no JavaScript backroung (even when it is hard to imagine that such people still exist these days ;-)

Reviewer 2: > now you reveal my whole JavaScript incompetence with your clever questions :-)
Since I didn't know that yarn is another JavaScript package, I insalled it via sudo apt-get install yarn :-)

It makes sense. I didn't thought about system package manager.
I still think the root cause is the global installation without nvm (ie. installation in the system scope with sudo).
As far as I know Puppeteer does not install well with sudo/global flag: 
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/4574
- https://github.com/GoogleChrome/puppeteer/issues/375

We should probably add a note on `nvm`: https://docs.antora.org/antora/2.2/install/linux-requirements/#install-nvm 

@ahus1  Out of curiosity, are you using `nvm` ?

> But you are right - your tool is not only interesting to people with a ajvascript background, but also to people with absolutly no JavaScript backroung (even when it is hard to imagine that such people still exist these days ;-)

Yes and that's why I want to provide a reliable and straight forward installation procedure but that's not an easy task :grimacing:

Reviewer 2: @ahus1 @rdmueller Did you try to install on Windows without using WSL?

Author: I just started to install node.js on windows... let's see...

Author: here is the result. I installed node.js through the .msi package - the method which is described on the node.js homepage:

```
PS ralfd> npm install -g asciidoctor asciidoctor-pdf
C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\asciidoctorjs -> C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor\bin\asciidoctor
C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\asciidoctor -> C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor\bin\asciidoctor
C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\asciidoctor-pdf -> C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor-pdf\bin\asciidoctor-pdf
npm WARN asciidoctor-pdf@1.0.0-alpha.3 requires a peer of @asciidoctor/core@^2.0.0-rc.1 but none is installed. You must install peer dependencies yourself.
npm WARN @asciidoctor/cli@3.0.1 requires a peer of @asciidoctor/core@^2.0.0-rc.1 but none is installed. You must install peer dependencies yourself.
npm WARN optional SKIPPING OPTIONAL DEPENDENCY: fsevents@1.2.9 (node_modules\asciidoctor-pdf\node_modules\fsevents):
npm WARN notsup SKIPPING OPTIONAL DEPENDENCY: Unsupported platform for fsevents@1.2.9: wanted {"os":"darwin","arch":"any"} (current: {"os":"win32","arch":"x64"})

+ asciidoctor@2.0.3
+ asciidoctor-pdf@1.0.0-alpha.3
updated 2 packages in 25.078s
PS ralfd> asciidoctor-pdf -v
internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:797
    throw err;
    ^

Error: Cannot find module '@asciidoctor/core'
Require stack:
- C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor-pdf\node_modules\@asciidoctor\cli\lib\options.js
- C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor-pdf\node_modules\@asciidoctor\cli\lib\cli.js
- C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor-pdf\lib\cli.js
- C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\asciidoctor-pdf\bin\asciidoctor-pdf
[90m    at Function.Module._resolveFilename (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:794:15)[39m
[90m    at Function.Module._load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:687:27)[39m
[90m    at Module.require (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:849:19)[39m
[90m    at require (internal/modules/cjs/helpers.js:74:18)[39m
    at Object.<anonymous> (C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules\[4masciidoctor-pdf[24m\node_modules\[4m@asciidoctor[24m\cli\lib\options.js:3:21)
[90m    at Module._compile (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:956:30)[39m
[90m    at Object.Module._extensions..js (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:973:10)[39m
[90m    at Module.load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:812:32)[39m
[90m    at Function.Module._load (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:724:14)[39m
[90m    at Module.require (internal/modules/cjs/loader.js:849:19)[39m {
  code: [32m'MODULE_NOT_FOUND'[39m,
  requireStack: [
    [32m'C:\\Users\\ralfd\\AppData\\Roaming\\npm\\node_modules\\asciidoctor-pdf\\node_modules\\@asciidoctor\\cli\\lib\\options.js'[39m,
    [32m'C:\\Users\\ralfd\\AppData\\Roaming\\npm\\node_modules\\asciidoctor-pdf\\node_modules\\@asciidoctor\\cli\\lib\\cli.js'[39m,
    [32m'C:\\Users\\ralfd\\AppData\\Roaming\\npm\\node_modules\\asciidoctor-pdf\\lib\\cli.js'[39m,
    [32m'C:\\Users\\ralfd\\AppData\\Roaming\\npm\\node_modules\\asciidoctor-pdf\\bin\\asciidoctor-pdf'[39m
  ]
}
```

Author: now I will try to install it through nvm...

Author: same problem with an nvm install...

Reviewer 2: Could you please list the packages/directories in the `C:\Users\ralfd\AppData\Roaming\npm\node_modules` directory?

The package `@asciidoctor/core` is a direct dependency of `asciidoctor` and should be installed... I will try the install procedure on a Windows machine.

And also could you please execute the following commands: `npm --version` and `node --version`?

> same problem with an nvm install...

You've successfully installed `nvm`, `node` and `npm`? But the command `npm install ...` throws the same error, correct?

Reviewer 2: I don't reproduce this issue on Linux but I still get warnings when installing:

```
npm WARN asciidoctor-pdf@1.0.0-alpha.3 requires a peer of @asciidoctor/core@^2.0.0-rc.1 but none is installed. You must install peer dependencies yourself.
npm WARN @asciidoctor/cli@3.0.1 requires a peer of @asciidoctor/core@^2.0.0-rc.1 but none is installed. You must install peer dependencies yourself.
```

Could you try:

```
npm i -g @asciidoctor/core asciidoctor-pdf
```

Reviewer 2: I can reproduce this issue. For some reason `npm i -g asciidoctor asciidoctor-pdf` does not work on Windows but `npm i -g @asciidoctor/core asciidoctor-pdf` does.

> required: current version of yarn installed (should also work with npm)

Reviewer: Consider capital "R" as this starts a new 

```suggestion
Required: current version of yarn or npm installed
```

> create a file `package.json`within your project with the following content

Reviewer: There's a blank missing after the second backtick (`). Consider a capital "C" at the beginning, and maybe a colon at the end?

```suggestion
Create a file `package.json` within your project with the following content:
```

```javascript
{
  "name": "example",
  "version": "1.0.0",
  "dependencies": {
    "asciidoctor": "^2.0.3",
    "asciidoctor-pdf": "^1.0.0-alpha.3"
  },
  "scripts": {
    "render-pdf": "asciidoctor-pdf <path to your adoc-file>"
  }
}
```

> the commands

Reviewer: Starting a new sentence here, therefore capital case?

```suggestion
The commands
```

> ```javascript

Reviewer: This is no JavaScript, actually a shell script

`````suggestion
```
`````

Author: argh. copy and paste...

yarn install
yarn render-pdf
```

will then install `asciidoctor` and `asciidoctor-pdf` as local module and render your AsciiDoc file as PDF to the same folder as your soruce file is located.

To use npm instead of yarn, use `npm install` and `npm run render-pdf` instead.

> Note: this is verified to work on Windows in WSL.

Reviewer 2: Admonition does not exist in Markdown but could you please use the following syntax for consistency:

```suggestion
**NOTE:** This is verified to work on Windows in WSL.
```

Author: btw: why don't you convert the `README.md` to `README.adoc`?

Reviewer 2: I wish... but npmjs.org only supports Markdown :disappointed:

    $ asciidoctor-pdf --version

> **NOTE:** If you get an error about [Executions Policies](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=135170) when running this command on PowerShell, try to use the following command instead: `$ asciidoctor-pdf.cmd --version`.

Reviewer 2: @rdmueller When using `nvm` to install `npm` and `node`, I got an error about executions policies. The command `asciidoctor-pdf --version` will in fact execute `asciidoctor-pdf.ps1 --version` and for whatever reason executing `ps1` file is not allowed in PowerShell on my machine.

Anyway, with the updated install command it should work: `npm i -g @asciidoctor/core asciidoctor-pdf`

Author: I just also succeeded with 
```
    npm i -g @asciidoctor/core asciidoctor-pdf
```

the execution of `ps1` files wasn't a problem for me, because I already removed this restriction a long time ago :-)
